describe the use of assets for retailers and suppliers (#59)
akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter: content/md/supplier-onboarder/use-assets.md

---
id: use-assets
themes: manage-products
title: Use assets
popular: false
---

# Manage assets

> Assets are now present in a new tab of the product edition page. On this page you are able to visualize all assets and also modify them.

Reviewer: present --> visible

> Assets are now present in a new tab of the product edition page. On this page you are able to visualize all assets and also modify them.

Reviewer 2: "modify them" = éditer les attributs des assets, ou bien changer les assets liés (c'est à dire, changer les liens entre assets et produits)? Si c'est la 2e option, je dirais plutôt "and also modify which assets have are linked to the product."

![Upload asset](../img/asset-upload-tab-highlight.png)

## Select assets within existing ones

> For products assigned to suppliers, some assets could already exist in the PIM. They will be synchronized to the Onboarder.

Reviewer: to the Onboarder --> with the Onboarder ?

If you want to change the asset selected for one product, you just have to:
1. Click on `Add asset`,
1. Select assets that already exist,

> 1. Save

Reviewer: It seems that the button is called "Confirm" in the UI, and not "Save"

![Select asset](../img/select-assets.png)

## Upload new assets

> For one product, you can upload you own assets to suggest them to your retailer, to do so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For one product, you can upload your own assets and suggest them to your retailer, to do so:
```

> 1. Click `Import Asset`,

Reviewer: The button is call "Upload asset"

1. Drop your files,

> 1. Clic `Import`

Reviewer: The button is called "Add to product"

---

# Manage assets

> Assets are now visible in a new tab of the product edition page. On this page you are able to visualize all assets and also and also modify which assets are linked to the product.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assets are now visible in a new `Assets` tab of the product edition page. On this tab you are able to visualize and edit all your asset collection attributes.
```
